Added image path tip (#637)
mintlify/docs: image-embeds.mdx

```md
![title](/path/image.jpg)
```
<Tip>

> To make sure images are displayed correctly in production, we recommend adding a forward slash to the relative image path (e.g. `/path/image.jpg`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure images are displayed correctly in production, add a forward slash to the image path (e.g. `/path/image.jpg`).
```
